README.md, before:

[![API](https://img.shields.io/badge/API-19%2B-green.svg?style=flat)](https://android-arsenal.com/api?level=19)
[![Licence](https://img.shields.io/badge/Licence-Apache2-blue.svg)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

# Android Starter App
My architect experience and passion for Android into this project to simplify the creation of a new App for Android.
Instead of configuring everything from scratch we can just import or take inspiration from the features of this project.

> Computer Science is experimentation, automation and engineering (...).

So those Apps are also a playground to experiment new frameworks and new features.

# Features
**Note:** _All features are under deep analysis with continuous development; Features will be added step by step._
- Ready to use gradle files with [GrabVer versioning](https://github.com/davideas/GrabVer).
- Build variants! - **On going**
- Architectures: - **On going**
  - Clean Architecture
  - [Android Architecture Components](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/index.html)
  - LifecycleOwner and LifecycleObserver
- Persistence: - **On going**
  - [Room](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/room.html)
  - [Retrofit](http://square.github.io/retrofit/) + [Gson](https://github.com/google/gson).
- [Timber](https://github.com/JakeWharton/timber) for logging.
- Common, Utils and Helper classes.
- [Material Design](https://material.io/). - **On going**
- Styles and Theme with DayNight. - **On going**
- [Preferences](https://medium.com/@JakobUlbrich/building-a-settings-screen-for-android-part-1-5959aa49337c). - **On going**

**Not started:**
- Gradle scripts for Bintray.
- Architectures:
  - [RxAndroid](https://github.com/ReactiveX/RxAndroid)
  - [Flux](http://lgvalle.xyz/2015/08/04/flux-architecture/)?
  - [EventBus](http://greenrobot.org/eventbus/)?
- [Adaptive Icon](https://developer.android.com/preview/features/adaptive-icons.html).
- [Adapter](https://github.com/davideas/FlexibleAdapter) for RecyclerView.
- [Various UI Widgets from community](https://github.com/davideas?tab=stars) / [Devlight](https://github.com/Devlight).
- [Animations and Activity transitions](https://github.com/davideas?page=1&tab=stars&utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=transition).
- Constraints Layouts / [Litho](http://fblitho.com/).
- [Glide](https://github.com/bumptech/glide) for image loading and caching.
- Best drawer from community.
- [About](https://github.com/davideas?page=1&tab=stars&utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=about) & ReleaseNote libraries.
- Persistence:
  - [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/products/)
  - [Requery](https://github.com/requery/requery/)?
  - [Realm](https://realm.io/docs/java/latest/)?
- View Injector: [ButterKnife](https://github.com/JakeWharton/butterknife).
- Dependency injector: [Dagger](http://google.github.io/dagger/) / [Toothpick](https://github.com/stephanenicolas/toothpick).
- Authentication (Firebase Auth / JWT / OAuth2 / Social Networks).
- Custom Annotation and Annotation Processor.
- Encryption.
- Google Maps.
- [Firebase](https://github.com/firebase/quickstart-android) Messaging with Notification manager!
- App analyzer with crash notification: Analytics / Fabric.
- Beacons / Bluetooth / NFC.
- [Espresso](https://google.github.io/android-testing-support-library/) for UI tests.
- [Robolectric](http://robolectric.org/) for framework specific unit tests.
- [Mockito](http://mockito.org/).
- Continuous Integration.
- [Checkstyle](http://checkstyle.sourceforge.net/) and [Findbugs](http://findbugs.sourceforge.net/) for code analysis.

# Contributions
Everybody is welcome to improve existing solutions, to experiment basic and specific features.

# License

    Copyright 2017 Davide Steduto

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Flavors / Dagger2 / Room / LiveData / Retrofit2 / Login

README.md, after:

[![API](https://img.shields.io/badge/API-19%2B-green.svg?style=flat)](https://android-arsenal.com/api?level=19)
[![Licence](https://img.shields.io/badge/Licence-Apache2-blue.svg)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

# Android Starter App
My architect experience and passion for Android into this project to simplify the creation of a new App for Android.
Instead of configuring everything from scratch we can just import or take inspiration from the features of this project.

> Computer Science is experimentation, automation and engineering (...).

So, this App is also a playground to experiment new frameworks and new features.

# Features
**Note:** _All features are under deep analysis with continuous development; Features will be added step by step._
- Ready to use gradle files with [GrabVer versioning](https://github.com/davideas/GrabVer).
- Build variants and flavors: _Debug_, _Offline_ and _Release_, to test please use _Offline_.
- Architectures: - **On going**
  - Clean Architecture
  - [Android Architecture Components](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/index.html)
  - LifecycleOwner and LifecycleObserver
- Persistence: - **On going**
  - [Room](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/room.html)
  - [Retrofit](http://square.github.io/retrofit/) + [Gson](https://github.com/google/gson).
- [Timber](https://github.com/JakeWharton/timber) for logging.
- Common, Utils and Helper classes. - **On going**
- [Material Design](https://material.io/). - **On going**
- Styles and Theme with DayNight. - **On going**
- [Preferences](https://medium.com/@JakobUlbrich/building-a-settings-screen-for-android-part-1-5959aa49337c). - **On going**

**Not started:**
- Gradle scripts for Bintray.
- Architectures:
  - [RxAndroid](https://github.com/ReactiveX/RxAndroid)
  - [Flux](http://lgvalle.xyz/2015/08/04/flux-architecture/)?
  - [EventBus](http://greenrobot.org/eventbus/)?
- [Adaptive Icon](https://developer.android.com/preview/features/adaptive-icons.html).
- [Adapter](https://github.com/davideas/FlexibleAdapter) for RecyclerView.
- [Various UI Widgets from community](https://github.com/davideas?tab=stars) / [Devlight](https://github.com/Devlight).
- [Animations and Activity transitions](https://github.com/davideas?page=1&tab=stars&utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=transition).
- Constraints Layouts / [Litho](http://fblitho.com/).
- [Glide](https://github.com/bumptech/glide) for image loading and caching.
- Best drawer from community.
- [About](https://github.com/davideas?page=1&tab=stars&utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=about) & ReleaseNote libraries.
- Persistence:
  - [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/products/)
  - [Requery](https://github.com/requery/requery/)?
  - [Realm](https://realm.io/docs/java/latest/)?
- View Injector: [ButterKnife](https://github.com/JakeWharton/butterknife).
- Dependency injector: [Dagger](http://google.github.io/dagger/) / [Toothpick](https://github.com/stephanenicolas/toothpick).
- Authentication (Firebase Auth / JWT / OAuth2 / Social Networks).
- Custom Annotation and Annotation Processor.
- Encryption.
- Google Maps.
- [Firebase](https://github.com/firebase/quickstart-android) Messaging with Notification manager!
- App analyzer with crash notification: Analytics / Fabric.
- Beacons / Bluetooth / NFC.
- [Espresso](https://google.github.io/android-testing-support-library/) for UI tests.
- [Robolectric](http://robolectric.org/) for framework specific unit tests.
- [Mockito](http://mockito.org/).
- Continuous Integration.
- [Checkstyle](http://checkstyle.sourceforge.net/) and [Findbugs](http://findbugs.sourceforge.net/) for code analysis.

# Contributions
Everybody is welcome to improve existing solutions, to experiment basic and specific features.

# License

    Copyright 2017 Davide Steduto

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
